What is your name?
What do you think of Megyn Kelly?
What did you say about Megyn Kelly?
Who is Megyn Kelly?
What does Megyn Kelly say about you?
What did Megyn Kelly say about you?
Why are you running for President?
What is your net worth?
How much money do you have?
Will ypu build a wall along the border?
Will you host The Apprentice again?
Who was your favorite contestant on The Apprentice?
What is your position on abortion?
What is you stance on Obamacare?
Where was President Obama born?
Are you having a feud with Fox News?
How many casinos do you own?
Where do you live?
Are you married?
Who will you pick to be your running mate?
Are you trolling us?
What did you say about Rosie?
What did you talk about with Roger Ailes?
What is your opinion on gay marriage?
What is your religion?
What did you think about Mike Huckabee's comments about the Iran deal?
What do you think your chances are of winning in Iowa?
What do you think you chances are of winning New Hampshire?
Will you win the nomination?
Can you beat Hillary Clinton in the general election?
Will you increase military spending?
Will you lower taxes?
Can you give me some business advice?
Why do you tweet so much?
Are you richer than Mark Cuban?
Marco Rubio says that if this election were about resumes, Hillary Clinton would win.
Rand Paul has been making fun of you over the past several days?
Will you disclose your personal finances?
Are you for single payer healthcare?
Were you for single payer healthcare?
How many times have you filed for bankruptcy?
Do you like me?
What do you do?
What is your dream?
How will you make America great again?
What do you think about what's happening in Ferguson?
Is the GOP a racist party?
Are you a racist?
Many are predicting Scott Walker will win the nomination.
What is the deal with your hair?
Can you give me a job?
I want to marry you.
How often do watch porn?
Can we have sex?
What time is it?
What day is it?
Call me Ishmael.
Who is Gary Busey?
How do you know?
What do you do?
How do you work?
How old are you?
Do you read the New York Times?
Who is your favorite journalist?
Who is your favorite politician?
How many times have you been married?
Where is Mar-a-Lago?
Who is leading in the polls right now?
Are you handsome?
Good morning
Good afternoon
Good night
What's up?
How are you?
Merry Christmas
Happy Birthday
Tell me a bit about yourself
Who is Siri?
What are you?
Where are you?
Where do you live?
How are you?
What do you look like?
What are you wearing?
Will you marry me?
How old are you?
Where are you from?
What is your Mom's name?
Do you have any pets?
Who is your favorite person?
Who is your least favorite person?
Are you human?
What's your problem?
When is your birthday?
Who made you?
What's new?
How's it going?
Are you male or female?
Who is your daddy?
What is your favorite color?
How much do you cost?
What is your favorite drink?
Are you a virgin?
Tell me a joke
Knock knock
Who's on first?
What does the fox say?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What is the meaning of life?
Is there a God?
Where do babies come from?
What's the secret of the universe?
Why am I here?
When will the world end?
What is my name?
Do you think I'm attractive?
Do I look good in this dress?
How old am I?
I have a gambling addiction
I am tired
I can't sleep
I have a gambling addiction
What should I have been for Halloween?
Are you cheating on me?
I like you
I love you
You're funny
You're smart
You look sexy
You are beautiful
You should go on a diet
You are boring
Shut up
I hate you
Are you Stupid?
You are an idiot
You're a loser
Get a job
Get a life
Screw you
I'm selling you on eBay!
Tell me a story
Sing a song
Can I have some money?
Do you want to go on a date?
Do you want to make out?
Talk dirty to me
Will you marry me?
Can you be my designated driver?
Take a picture
Tell me something good
Make me a sandwich
Play a good song
Find me some hookers
Guess what?
What does the fox say?
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood
Do you love me?
Which is the best tablet?
What is the best computer?
Do you want to play a game?
Is it going to rain?
Remind me to kill myself tomorrow
What is the best phone?
What do you think of Google Now
What do you think of Cortana?
What do you think of Android?
What do you think of Steve Jobs?
What is the best computer?
Beam me up, Scotty!
Open the pod bay doors, HAL (request this several times)
Do you know HAL 9000
What is 2001 a Space Odyssey about?
You call yourself an “ardent philanthropist,” but have not donated a dollar to The Donald J Trump Foundation since 2006. 
You're not even the biggest donor to the foundation, having given about $3.7 million in the previous two decades while businesses associated with Vince McMahon's World Wrestling Entertainment gave the Trump Foundation $5 million. 
All the money since 2006 has come from those doing business with you.
How does giving away other people's money, in what could be seen as a kickback scheme, make you a philanthropist?
New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman successfully sued you, alleging your Trump University was an “illegal educational institution” that charged up to $35,000 for “Trump Elite” mentorships promising personal advice from you, but you never showed up and your “special” list of lenders was photocopied from Scotsman Guide, a magazine found at any bookstore.
Why did you not show up?
You claimed The Learning Annex paid you a $1 million speaking fee, but on Larry King Live,you acknowledged the fee was $400,000 and the rest was the promotional value.
Since you have testified under oath that your public statements inflate the value of your assets, can voters use this as a guide, so whenever you say $1, in reality it is only 40 cents? 
The one-page financial statement handed out at Trump Tower when you announced your candidacy says you've given away $102 million worth of land.
Will you supply a list of each of these gifts, with the values you assigned to them?
The biggest gift you have talked about appears to be an easement at the Palos Verdes, California, golf course bearing your name on land you wanted to build houses on, but that land is subject to landslides and is now the golf course driving range.
Did you or one of your businesses take a tax deduction for this land that you could not build on and do you think anyone should get a $25 million tax deduction for a similar self-serving gift?
Trump Tower is not a steel girder high rise, but 58 stories of concrete.
Why did you use concrete instead of traditional steel girders?
Trump Tower was built by S&A Concrete, whose owners were “Fat” Tony Salerno, head of the Genovese crime family, and Paul “Big Paul” Castellano, head of the Gambinos, another well-known crime family.
If you did not know of their ownership, what does that tell voters about your management skills?
You later used S&A Concrete on other Manhattan buildings bearing your name.
Why?
In demolishing the Bonwit Teller building to make way for Trump Tower, you had no labor troubles, even though only about 15 unionists worked at the site alongside 150 Polish men, most of whom entered the country illegally, lacked hard hats, and slept on the site.
How did you manage to avoid labor troubles, like picketing and strikes, and job safety inspections while using mostly non-union labor at a union worksite — without hard hats for the Polish workers?
A federal judge later found you conspired to cheat both the Polish workers, who were paid less than $5 an hour cash with no benefits, and the union health and welfare fund. 
You testified that you did not notice the Polish workers, whom the judge noted were easy to spot because they were the only ones on the work site without hard hats.
What should voters make of your failure or inability to notice 150 men demolishing a multi-story building without hard hats?
You sent your top lieutenant, lawyer Harvey I. Freeman, to negotiate with Ken Shapiro, the “investment banker” for Nicky Scarfo, the especially vicious killer who was Atlantic City's mob boss, according to federal prosecutors and the New Jersey State Commission on Investigation.
Since you emphasize your negotiating skills, why didn't you negotiate yourself?
You later paid a Scarfo associate twice the value of a lot, officials determined.
Since you boast that you always negotiate the best prices, why did you pay double the value of this real estate?
You were the first person recommended for a casino license by the New Jersey Attorney General's Division of Gaming Enforcement, which opposed all other applicants or was neutral. 
Later it came out in official proceedings that you had persuaded the state to limit its investigation of your background.
Why did you ask that the investigation into your background be limited?
You were the target of a 1979 bribery investigation. 
No charges were filed, but New Jersey law mandates denial of a license to anyone omitting any salient fact from their casino application.
Why did you omit the 1979 bribery investigation?
The prevailing legal case on license denials involved a woman, seeking a blackjack dealer license, who failed to disclose that as a retail store clerk she had given unauthorized discounts to friends.
In light of the standard set for low-level license holders like blackjack dealers, how did you manage to keep your casino license?
In 1986 you wrote a letter seeking lenient sentencing for Joseph Weichselbaum, a convicted marijuana and cocaine trafficker who lived in Trump Tower and in a case that came before your older sister, Judge Maryanne Trump Barry of U.S. District Court in Newark, New Jersey, who recused herself because Weichselbaum was the Trump casinos and Trump family helicopter consultant and pilot.
Why did you do business with Weichselbaum, both before and after his conviction?
Your first major deal was converting the decrepit Commodore Hotel next to Grand Central Station into a Grand Hyatt. 
Mayor Abe Beame, a close ally of your father Fred, gave you the first-ever property tax abatement on a New York City hotel, worth at least $400 million over 40 years.
Since you boast that you are a self-made billionaire, how do you rationalize soliciting and accepting $400 million of welfare from the taxpayers?
You say that your experience as a manager will allow you to run the federal government much better than President Obama or Hilary Clinton. On Fortune Magazine's 1999 list of the 496 most admired companies, your casino company ranked at the bottom – worst or almost worst in management, use of assets, employee talent, long-term investment value, and social responsibility. 
Your casino company later went bankrupt.
Why should voters believe your claims that you are a competent manager?
Your Trump Plaza casino was fined $200,000 for discriminating against women and minority blackjack dealers to curry favor with gambler Robert Libutti, who lost $12 million, and who insisted he never asked that blacks and women be replaced.
Why should we believe you “love” what you call “the blacks” and the enterprise you seek to lead would not discriminate again in the future if doing so appeared to be lucrative?
Public records (cited in my book Temples of Chance) show that as your career took off, you legally reported a negative income and paid no income taxes as summarized below:
Will you release your tax returns? 
And if not, why not?
In your first bestselling book, The Art of the Deal, you told how you had not gotten much work done on your first casino, so you had crews dig and fill holes to create a show. 
You said one director of your partner, Holiday Inns, asked what was going on. 
“This was difficult for me to answer, but fortunately this board member was more curious than he was skeptical,” you wrote.
Given your admission that you used deception to hide your failure to accomplish the work, why should we believe you now?
If you, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Herb Kelleher and Larry Ellison got marooned on a desert island, who would end up running the place and who would end up as dinner?
How long would Larry and Sergei, the co-founders of Google, last on your show?
Would you fire your son or daughter?
What do you do to chill out?
At the end of our life, what do you want to be remembered for?
What's the difference between the Donald Trump on “The Apprentice” and the Donald Trump in every day business meetings?
If you could apprentice with anyone in history, who would it be?
Not many people make billions, lose billions, and then make billions all over again. How did you pull this off?
If you graduated from Wharton in 2006 instead of in the 1960s, what industry would you go into?
What do you think of two guys in a garage showing amateur videos selling out for $1.7 billion?
TV is TV, real life is real life: What's the most important real-life advice you can give to an entrepreneur?
What's the biggest business blunder you've ever made, and what did you learn from it?
What's the one thing every first-time entrepreneur should know?
What's the last book or article you read that you'd recommend to other entrepreneurs?
What one job should every person have to do at least once in their life?
How do you know when to keep fighting or to cut bait?
Will/should the U.S. have universal health care?
What will be the new retirement age for 2009 grads?
Finish this sentence: The United States' role as the leader of the free world depends upon …
Should the government have a say on executive compensation?
Gold: Hoard it, trade it or avoid it?
You have $100 million to spend in real estate, what do you buy and where?
Are we in a sucker's rally?
You wake up dead broke tomorrow–what do you do?
What keeps you awake at night?
What's the biggest threat to your industry?
By the time a trend appears in the mainstream press, is it too late for investors to capitalize on it?
What 21st-century invention (discovered or not) has the greatest potential to change our lives?
Who helped you the most in getting you to where you are today?
How much vacation time to do you take each year?
What is your benchmark of success? 
When did you reach it?
At this point, does money still motivate you?
Describe your life in five words.
How many casinos do you own?
Who will be the next president?
Are you Batman?
How was jury duty?
Asshole
shithead
live troll doll
Fuckface von clownstick
Would you shutdown the government of Planned Parenthood?
What is the Matrix?
fuck you trump
nice hair
what color is your hair
how about rosie o'donnell
heidi klum
rick perry
what about chris christie? 
what about mexicans
what about immigration
I stuff acorns in my chin and save them for winter.
What should get on our pizza?
Who is Johnny Damon?
DO you like Bret Michaels?
Is Dennis ROdman insane?
Women
What about women?
Do you like women?
Do you support a woman's right to choose?
Hello
Ha ha. What's next? 
Oh yeah? 
Oh, you. 
No
Let's fight, Mr and you
Shit 
I'm the king
You will lose the election
You are an ass
You are a girl
You act like a clown
Leave Meghan Kelly alone
Your hair sucks
kiss my ass
How about Secretariat?
Where is your next destination?
when are you coming to Ohio? I want to hear you speak.
what are your thoughts on tom brady, mr. trump?
You got a big crowd in Alabama the other night.
What about Iowa
How do you feel about your chances in New Hampshire
Do you think you can beat Lindsay Graham in South Carolina?
What is concrete made from?
Mr. Trump, how would you help the homeless, that want to be helped, in America?
Would you sign a pledge to uphold the 2nd amendment with full rights for all weapons
How do you feel about breastfeeding in the work place?
How would you address the legal aspects facing physicians and the health care system and rising healthcare costs?
Mr. Trump, Why can't we impeach Barack Obama? Please explain, I know the general public really would love to see him go now, why wait!??
What will you do about all the people getting welfare and government help that are able to work and just choose not to.
Will you try and stop the horrific wild horse roundups, and protect wildlife?
Would you consider doing away with all the unfair trade treaties like NAFTA, CAFTA and the WTO ?
What is your stance on abortion?
Do you support the legalization of same sex marriage?
Should a business, based on religious beliefs, be able to deny service to a customer?
Should the government require health insurance companies to provide free birth control?
Should the U.S. remove references to God from currency, federal buildings, national monuments and other aspects of government?
Should the federal government allow the death penalty?
Should terminally ill patients be allowed to end their lives via assisted suicide?
Should the federal government allow states to fly the confederate flag?
Should the government increase environmental regulations to prevent global warming?
Should National Parks continue to be preserved and protected by the federal government?
Do you support the use of hydraulic fracking to extract oil and natural gas resources? 
Should the United States require labeling of genetically engineered foods?
Should the U.S. expand offshore oil drilling?
Should the federal government continue to give tax credits and subsidies to the wind power industry?
Should employers be required to pay men and women, who perform the same work, the same salary?
Should able-bodied, mentally capable adults who receive welfare be required to work?
Should all welfare recipients be tested for drugs?
Should the government raise the federal minimum wage?
Should the government make cuts to public spending in order to reduce the national debt?
Should the U.S. reduce corporate income tax rates?
Should Wall Street executives be criminally charged for their roles in the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis?
Do you believe labor unions help or hurt the economy?
Should the federal government subsidize U.S. farmers?
Should pension plans for federal, state and local government workers be transitioned into private plans?
Would you favor an increased sales tax in order to reduce property taxes?
Do you support the Trans-Pacific Partnership?
Should every person purchasing a gun be required to pass a criminal and public safety background check?
Do you support increased gun control?
Should there be term limits set for members of Congress?
Should internet service providers be allowed to prioritize traffic for websites that pay higher rates than their competitors?
Are you in favor of decriminalizing drug use?
Should the NSA be allowed to collect basic metadata of citizens phone calls such as numbers, timestamps, and call durations?
Should corporations and unions be permitted to fund advertisements backing political candidates through political action committees (Super PACS)?
Do you support the Patriot act?
Do you support affirmative action programs?
Should the redrawing of Congressional districts be controlled by an independent, non-partisan commission?
Should the government raise the retirement age for Social Security?
Do you support the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)?
Do you support the legalization of Marijuana?
Should the federal government increase funding of health care for low income individuals (Medicaid)?
Would you support increasing taxes on the rich in order to reduce interest rates for student loans?
Do you support the adoption of Common Core national educational standards?
Should the government decrease military spending?
Should foreign terrorism suspects be given constitutional rights?
Should the U.S. formally declare war on ISIS?
Should the U.S. continue to support Israel?
Should the U.S. maintain a presence at the United Nations?
Should the U.S. conduct targeted airstrikes on Irans nuclear weapons facilities?
Should the military fly drones over foreign countries to gain intelligence and kill suspected terrorists?
Do you support President Obama's recent move to lift the trade and travel embargo on Cuba?
Should the U.S. continue NSA surveillance of its allies?
Should illegal immigrants be given access to government-subsidized healthcare?
Do you support stronger measures to increase our border security?
Should immigrants to the U.S. be required to learn English?
Should children of illegal immigrants be granted citizenship?
Should illegal immigrants be offered in-state tuition rates at public colleges within their residing state?
Should illegal immigrants working in the U.S. be granted temporary amnesty?
Should law enforcement be allowed to detain illegal immigrants for minor crimes so that federal immigration authorities can take custody of them?
The Seven Sutherland Sisters were a Victorian family who never cut their hair 
If your life was a movie, which actor would play you?
Would you spit in a customer’s food if you were the waiter and they had been rude to you?
How do you handle people you don’t like?
Is it possible for us to have met previously, in another life?
Where would you prefer to live: beach, city or country?
If you had met me before, how would you describe me?
Do you think of yourself as being naughty or nice?
Who is or was your celebrity crush?
With whom did you have your first kiss?
What is your favorite type of food?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What is your all-time favorite movie?
If you could eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
What is the funniest thing you have ever done or said?
Have you ever been caught naked by someone?
What is your funniest childhood memory?
Are you more of a night owl or a morning person?
What is your greatest fear?
What do you believe I am thinking right now?
What nickname would you give me based off my personality or a body part?
Which famous celebrity would you like to date, and why?
While in school, did you ever cheat on a test?
If you could read minds, whose would you want to read?
If you were told you only had one week left to live, what would you do?
Which animal do you consider to be the sexiest?
What is this???
lol
hi
:)
how are you?
how old are you?
do you like mexicans?
how about women?
do you like Megyn Kelly?
i hate you
president 
loser
baby
really?
you are fired
i do 
bible
Palin needs to head up the Drpartment of Making America Grwst Again
Sarah palin
Chris hayes
Taxes
You're an asshole
Oh i understand it
you're racist
but what about your opinions about mexicans
what about your opinions about mexicans
are you going to really build a wall?
Wall
global warming
what about global warming
what about global warming? 
what about climate change? 
obama? 
There are people who are actually going to vote for Trump because they think its funny.
This is no joke.
Let me just break it down for you real quick, and tell you a little bit about Mr. Trump
His first wife said he made her feel violated during sex, but dropped the matter after a divorce settlement.
He quoted a tweet that said if Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband, she can't satisfy America.
He said he would date his daughter if she wasn't his daughter.
Mr. Trump told a contestant on 'The Apprentice' that it would be a pretty picture to see her on her knees
His response to Meghan Kelly asking him tough, relevant questions about his attitude towards women was that she must be on her period.
Trump gave out a U.S. Senator's private cellphone number out of spite on national television.
Trump said John McCain, who was a war prisoner for five years, was no war hero because he was captured.
There are people who scream "white power!" at his rallies, and they are there in support of Trump. That alone says quite a bit.
Trump tweeted that because Barack Obama was a disappointing president, there wouldn't be another black president for a long time.
At his campaign announcement, he called undocumented mexican immigrants drug dealers, criminals, and rapists.
Trump's idea of Border Security is to force Mexico to build a giant wall.
Trump has the full public support of a former KKK leader.
Trump inspired a father and son to beat up and urinate on a mexican homeless man. His response: "my followers are passionate."
Trump wants mass deportation, and to bring an end to birthright citizenship, referring to these children as anchor babies.
Does Donald Trump still seem like a joke to you? He's the likely Republican nominee. This is not funny.
McKinley or Denali?
What do you think of the end of Tom Brady's suspension?
How about Tom Brady?
Grover Norquist?
What about the Club for Growth?
What's happening tonight? 
What do you think of Pope Francis?
hey 
how is it going? 
cool 
me too 
yup
get what out?
how much wood would a wood chuck if a wood chuck could chuck lots of wood
@realTrumpBot Who are you?
@realTrumpBot Will you really build a wall?
@realTrumpBot Looks like Ben Carson is catching you in Iowa.
The American dream is dead, but I'm going to make it bigger and better and stronger than ever before.
